[Tiny PR] Add caution for OL in Astro alerts (#2618)
astronomer/docs: astro/alerts.md

Unlike Airflow callbacks and SLAs, Astro alerts require no changes to DAG code. Follow this guide to set up your Slack, PagerDuty, or email to receive alerts from Astro and then configure your Deployment to send alerts.

> :::caution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
```
Because nothing bad happens if you have it disabled, we can downgrade this note.

> To use Astro Alerts for a Deployment, Openlineage must be enabled. By default, every Astro Deployment has this enabled. If you have it disabled, see [Enable/Disable OpenLineage](./set-up-data-lineage.md/#enabledisable-openlineage) to turn it back on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro alerts requires OpenLineage. By default, every Astro Deployment has OpenLineage enabled. If you disabled OpenLineage on your Deployment, you need to enable it to use Astro alerts. See [Enable/Disable OpenLineage](set-up-data-lineage.md#enabledisable-openlineage).
```
Some weird formatting on the links here, is your code editor adding the relative link to the start?

Author: the link will still work, it is auto-generated.

:::

To configure Airflow notifications, see [Airflow email notifications](airflow-email-notifications.md) and [Manage Airflow DAG notifications](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/error-notifications-in-airflow).

## Prerequisites

- An [Astro project](develop-project.md).

> - An [Astro Deployment](create-deployment.md). Your Deployment must run Astro Runtime 7.1.0 or later to configure Astro alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An [Astro Deployment](create-deployment.md). Your Deployment must run Astro Runtime 7.1.0 or later to configure Astro alerts, and it must also have [OpenLineage enabled](set-up-data-lineage.md#enabledisable-openlineage). 
```

> - Your Astro Deployment should have Open Lineage enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
